## Prompts that were used to develop parts of this project

Create a pom.xml for a project running a Undertow http server, using Java version 16 in the corresponding
maven.compiler.* properties.
groupid should be net.stoerr.chatgpt, artifactid developersChatGPTtoolbenchPlugin.

Create a java file net.stoerr.chatgpt.devtoolbench.DevToolbench that starts a http server and returns "Hello World!" to
every get request on port 8080.
Configure that as the main class for the maven generated jar.
Use the shade plugin to create a jar that has all dependencies included.

Change the server so that it takes the port from the first argument, defaulting to 3001.
Create an integration test with the failsafe-plugin that checks whether a request actually returns a "hello world". Use
a random port.

Migrate from net.stoerr.chatgpt.forChatGPTtoMigrate.FileManagerPlugin to the DevToolbench class, using Undertow instead
of com.sun.net.httpserver.HttpServer . Start with changing DevToolbench to support the requests like FileManagerPlugin ,
then create net.stoerr.chatgpt.forChatGPTtoMigrate.AbstractPluginOperation from
net.stoerr.chatgpt.forChatGPTtoMigrate.AbstractPluginOperation and then continue with the other classes. In each step
write the code as if the other classes are already migrated - do write the full code immedately.

(plus two times feeding it back the maven compilation errors.)

Please compare that with the original code in net.stoerr.chatgpt.forChatGPTtoMigrate.FileManagerPlugin - there are
special cases for /.well-known/ai-plugin.json and /filemanager.yaml (to be renamed to devtoolbench.yaml) that need to be
transferred to the new code. ai-plugin.json should be saved in a file in src/main/resources and read when served through
Undertow , but the other one needs to be constructed .

(plus 3 times feeding back maven compilation and testing errors.)

Please compare that with the original code in net.stoerr.chatgpt.forChatGPTtoMigrate.FileManagerPlugin - there is a
special case for /filemanager.yaml (to be renamed to devtoolbench.yaml) that needs to be
transferred to the new code. Currently it serves "Unknown request" for http://localhost:7364/devtoolbench.yaml

...

If something was done by ChatGPT I prefix the commit message with ChatGPT. That's easier than writing it here. :-)
